Add code for large amount of users creation and few recommendations (#1)
pinheadmz/rpc-auth-proxy: README.md

## Install

1. Clone repo

> 2. Create and activate a Python Virtual Environment (for isolate problems with other python libraries)

Reviewer: I dont't think explanation is necessary

```suggestion
2. Create and activate a Python Virtual Environment
```

Networks supported: `main`, `testnet`, `signet`, `regtest`

- Start Bitcoin Core: `bitcoind -daemon -conf=/path/to/repo/rpc-auth-proxy/etc/bitcoin.conf`
  - Optionally add `-signet`, etc for different network
- Start proxy server: `python src/server.py main`
  - Optionally replace `main` with `signet`, etc.

>   - Use `nohup` or `tmux` to ensure that the server process is not killed when exiting the terminal or session.

Reviewer: should go before "start proxy server" and indicate its optional.

~/rpc-auth-proxy$ python src/users.py newuser2 -p hunter2
Password for newuser2: hunter2
```
### Large amount of Users ###

> Another utility that you can use for adding large amount of users it's `src/bulk_users.py`. Hashed passwords are saved by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add large amount of users a utility is provided in `src/bulk_users.py`. Hashed passwords are saved by
```

> default in a JSON file at `~/.rpc-auth-proxy-passwords.json`, but another file is saved too with the pair of username and clear password.

Reviewer: whats the other files name and path?

```sh

> ~/rpc-auth-proxy$python src/bulk_users.py 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~/rpc-auth-proxy$ python src/bulk_users.py 100
```
